# Template for #30Days Projects

The initial #30Days series provided a platform and process to help create structured learning roadmaps for a 30-day learning sprint organized as:
 * Kickoff Post (Day 1)
 * 4 Themed Weeks (Days 2-29)
 * Wrap-up Post (Day 30)

The initial thinking was to focus on technology themes (core concepts, developer tools, best practices, usage examples). However, I realized I could use the #30Days approach to support _different kinds of journeys_ that can help us learn. 

Here are some examples:

| #30DaysTo | Journey |
|:---|:---|
| Learn | Use the month to explore documentation and code samples to build familiarity | 
| Deconstruct | Use the month to tear-down an open-source project to build understanding | 
| Build | Use the month to implement an end-to-end scenario to build dev expertise | 
| Share | Use the month to share "Today I Learned" updates (visual or snippet) to build recall | 
| | |

## Using The Template

There are two main directories:
 - `website` contains a template for a Docusaurus-based website that is hosted on GitHub pages. Use this for documenting your journey to share with others.
 - `code` contains a README (for TIL-style table of contents). Use this to setup subfolders for each code sample or tutorial, to learn by doing.

The second is self-explanatory, so a couple of words about the website feature.


 - `website/docusaurus.config.js` is the primary configuration file.
    - Update it for _your_ repository name and project. 
    - Commit changes - triggers `deploy.yml` action.
    - Update Pages settings - deploy from `gh-pages`
    - Your website should be live at site URL given
 - `website/sidebars.js` is the file used to configure sidebar categories
    - default shows "concepts", "tutorials" and "solutions" as example themes. Customize it.
    - changes should be reflected in the _navbar_ routes defined in `docusuaruus.config.js` 
    - sidebars are setup to be _autogenerated_ from folder contents - and _separated_ (so each folder shows as a standlone sidebar in deployed site)
 - create new pages under _website/src/pages/`name`_ - these will get automatically hosted at `/name` route.
 
Docusaurus supports more features (e.g., blog, footer, plugins etc.) that have not been activated here by default. Read the [Documentation](https://docusaurus.io) to learn more.

Note that Docusaurus supports content in Markdown _and_ MDX (JSX-flavored Markdown). The latter allows us to _embed React components_ into a page for interactive or enhanced content UI/UX.

---

## Projects Using Template

Tracking usage using [this GitHub Action](https://github.com/maael/template-repository-usage-action)

<!-- TEMPLATE_LIST_START -->
# 1 Repositories using template

* [30DaysOf/nextjs](https://github.com/30DaysOf/nextjs)
<!-- TEMPLATE_LIST_END -->
